How to automate tasks to run at intervals on linux servers?
Additional details will be available after launching your challenge instance.
Use ssh to connect to this server:

```
Server: saturn.picoctf.net
Port: 59239
Username: picoplayer 
Password: kZx-HVJKu8
```
____________________
## Solucion


AideFrayre-picoctf@webshell:~$ ssh picoplayer@saturn.picoctf.net -p 59239
The authenticity of host '[saturn.picoctf.net]:59239 ([13.59.203.175]:59239)' can't be established.
ED25519 key fingerprint is SHA256:dMTscRrUiURy7uMu5eGWwEKdd2FzqLzx6LfWhssWnNQ.
This key is not known by any other names
Are you sure you want to continue connecting (yes/no/[fingerprint])? yes
Warning: Permanently added '[saturn.picoctf.net]:59239' (ED25519) to the list of known hosts.
picoplayer@saturn.picoctf.net's password: 
Welcome to Ubuntu 20.04.5 LTS (GNU/Linux 6.5.0-1023-aws x86_64)

 * Documentation:  https://help.ubuntu.com
 * Management:     https://landscape.canonical.com
 * Support:        https://ubuntu.com/advantage

This system has been minimized by removing packages and content that are
not required on a system that users do not log into.

To restore this content, you can run the 'unminimize' command.

The programs included with the Ubuntu system are free software;
the exact distribution terms for each program are described in the
individual files in /usr/share/doc/*/copyright.

Ubuntu comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by
applicable law.
``` bash
picoplayer@challenge:~$ grep -r pico *
grep: *: No such file or directory
picoplayer@challenge:~$ cd ..
picoplayer@challenge:/home$ cd .. 
picoplayer@challenge:/$ grep -r pico *
grep: challenge: Permission denied
grep: etc/.pwd.lock: Permission denied
etc/group:picoplayer:x:1000:
grep: etc/gshadow: Permission denied
etc/passwd:picoplayer:x:1000:1000::/home/picoplayer:/bin/bash
grep: etc/security/opasswd: Permission denied
grep: etc/shadow: Permission denied
etc/subgid:picoplayer:100000:65536
etc/subuid:picoplayer:100000:65536
grep: etc/ssh/ssh_host_ecdsa_key: Permission denied
grep: etc/ssh/ssh_host_ed25519_key: Permission denied
grep: etc/ssh/ssh_host_rsa_key: Permission denied
grep: etc/ssh/ssh_host_dsa_key: Permission denied
etc/crontab:# picoCTF{Sch3DUL7NG_T45K3_L1NUX_5b7059d0}